32 year old guy who was practically
suicidal about his hair loss now of
course it comes on the program he has a
direct question to ask about you know
dealing with his hair loss then we start
to talk about the emotional aspects of
hair loss and how it's affected his life
coach the coast and worldwide knife want
to say you know you guys are doing a
great thing at such an uncomfortable
topic to talk about especially for guy
you know young guys in their early
twenties and you know I'm glad I could
tune in you know listen you guys Spencer
Cobras the bald truth the guys told me
that he stopped dating for three or four
years he is so consumed with the his
ability to hide his hair loss and hiding
from others that he's afraid to become
intimate with somebody because he
doesn't want to be discovered he doesn't
want to be known as a guy who was
balding and that's really the biggest
issue that hair loss suffer his face
well ok that's really been one of the
bigger issues at hair loss sufferers
face as men we are not allowed to mourn
the loss of her hair we are not allowed
to talk about our hair loss we are not
allowed to admit that that we're
concerned about our parents or the fact
that our our appearance is eroding as
our hair loss continues it's a huge
problem it is a silent epidemic of
tremendous proportions and I say this on
every video two-thirds of you as men
will suffer with hair loss before the
age of 35 and 40 percent of hair loss
uppers or women I was listening to FM
talk here in Los Angeles and there's a
relatively well-known the weekend talk
show host who just happen to be talking
about her hair loss and i found that
admirable because she's known to be a
really
attractive woman you know she's she's
getting up there she's like she's 42 or
43 and she's my age and I really
impressed that she was opening up about
the fact that she was noticing hair loss
and is such a common thing for women
again forty percent of hair loss uppers
in this country are women I'm not
talking about women in their 40th
necessarily we're talking about young
girls in their 20s and early 30s we're
dealing with hair loss so when I do
these videos I'm just I'm trying to get
the word out there I'm trying to get
information out to the public about the
reality of you know being a hair loss
suffered hey the Red Rocket Sammy hit
and Michael Anthony you're listening to
the ball is move on a planet Spencer
Corbin's the bald truth whoo